[[tags: allegro game]]

== allegro

This document pertains to configuration related methods found in the Allegro egg.

[[toc:]]

== Functions

=== Config Files

<procedure>(make-config*)</procedure>

Implements al_create_config.

<procedure>(make-config)</procedure>

Implements al_create_config, with (free-config!) declared as a finalizer.

<procedure>(free-config! config)</procedure>

Implements al_destroy_config.

<procedure>(config-section-add! config string)</procedure>

Implements al_add_config_section.

<procedure>(config-value-set! config (string section) (string key) (string value))</procedure>

Implements al_set_config_value.

<procedure>(config-comment-add! config (string section) (string comment))</procedure>

Implements al_add_config_comment.

<procedure>(config-value config (string section) (string key))</procedure>

Implements al_get_config_value.

<procedure>(load-config* string)</procedure>

Implements al_load_config_file.

<procedure>(load-config string)</procedure>

Implements al_load_config_file, with (free-config!) decalred as a finalizer.

<procedure>(load-config-from-file* file)</procedure>

Implements al_load_config_file_f.

<procedure>(load-config-from-file file)</procedure>

Implements al_load_config_file_f, with (free-config!) declared as a finalizer.

<procedure>(config-save config string)</procedure>

Implements al_save_config_file.

<procedure>(config-save-to-file config file)</procedure>

Implements al_save_config_file_f.

<procedure>(config-merge! config config)</procedure>

Implements al_merge_config_into.

<procedure>(config-merge config config)</procedure>

Implements al_merge_config.

<procedure>(config-sections config)</procedure>

Creates an iterator that covers the sections of the given config.

Returns values of the form (list config-section promise).

(force) the promise to get the next section.

Needs testing!

<procedure>(config-entries config config-section)</procedure>

Creates an iterator that covers the entries of the given config and config-section.

Returns values of the form (list config-entry promise).

(force) the promise to get the next entry.

Needs testing!

